Reflow Documentation V1 (#3970)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: docs/source/internals.rst

have been applied, the updated tree is written to the original file.

.. _reflowinternals:

Reflow Internals
----------------

Many rules supported by SQLFluff involve the spacing and layout of different
elements, either to enforce a particular layout or just to add or remove
code elements in a way sensitive to the exiting layout configuration. The
way this is achieved is through a some centralised utilities in the
`sqlfluff.utils.reflow` module.

This module aims to achieve several things:
* Less code duplication by implementing reflow logic in only one place.

* Provide a streamline interface for rules to easily utilise reflow logic.

  * Given this requirement, it's important that reflow utilities work
    within the existing framework for applying fixes to potentially
    templated code. We achieve this by returning `LintFix` objects which
    can then be returned by each rule wanting to use this logic.

* Provide a consistent way of *configuring* layout requirements. For more
  details on configuration see :ref:`layoutconfig`.

To support this, the module provides a :code:`ReflowSequence` class which
allows access to all of the relevant operations which can be used to

> re-layout sections of code, or even a whole file. Unless there is a very

Reviewer: Would this be reasonable? Partly thinking (IIUC) that we're going to name the command `sqlfluff format`.

```suggestion
reformat sections of code, or even a whole file. Unless there is a very
```

Author: Yeah, I was trying to not foreshadow that too much - but you're probably right.
